What is a component – Provide a description (5 points)
  
  A component is a combination of predictor variables.  Components are comprised of weights of predictor variables.
  Weights are determined by analyizing all the correlations between predictor variables. 

Principal Component Analysis – Provide a description.(5 points)

  Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is the process of reducing variables into components. In PCA, 
  the representation of the data is rotated in the direction of the new principal components.  The step in PCA is to create
  a correlation matrix for all predictor variables.  Next, Eigenvectors must be found and their corresponding eigenvalues. 
  An eigenvector is a vector that results in the scalar multiple of the correlation matrix.  Once eigenvectors are found they 
  must be ranked by eigenalue which is the change in vector length after the vector is multiplied by the eigenvector.  
  The highest eigenvector is used for the first principal component, the second highest for the next, and so on.  
  The principal components are calculated by projecting the values of the eigenvector onto the values of each predictor variable. 
  Once all principal eigenvalues have been determined, they can be evaluated to see which principal components have high variance
  and thus should be kept (especially those with an eigenvalue of 1 or higher). 
  
Provide an specific example of Principal Component Analysis(15 points)
  PCA can be put into use when it is suspected that multiple predictor variables are highly correlated.  For example, let's say we are examining
  data from an NBA season and using players' total Field Goals Made (FGM), Points Per Game (PPG), Blocks, and Steals to predict a player's overall rating.  
  We might suspect that FGM and PPG are highly correlated since Points Per Game has an influence on Field Goals Made. 
  NBA player stats for a season can be imported into R to create a matrix containing the predictor variables FGM, PPG, Blocks, and Steals.  
  The cor() function in R can be used to create a correlation matrix in R.  From there the eigen() can be called on the correlation matrix and the
  resulting output will show the eigenvalues for each principal component and it can be determined which components have significant variance. 
